# Meeting Minutes

**Subject:** Week 5 Tutor Meeting

**Project Name:** A web platform for customized survey data collection

**Facilitator:**

**Prepared by:** Nadya Ee Png

**Date:** Tuesday 27 August 2024

**Time:** 12:00 PM

**Location:** Mereweather Learning Studio 154

**Attendees:**
* Tutor (Islam Alzoubi)
* Team Member 1 (Leon Lee)
* Team Member 2 (Rui Wang)
* Team Member 3 (Nadya Png)
* Team Member 4 (Frank (Qiufei) Lai)
* Team Member 5 (Rueien Tan)


## Agenda

* Item 1 - General comments

Meeting open at: 12:00 PM

## Item 1 - General comments
- Client demo to be scheduled with client ASAP
- All members have to be present for client demo in week 7

## Item 2 - Report information
- Individual Report
    1. Summary of work done from week1 to week6 about roles + technical tasks + other responsibilities (non-technical assignment + other contributions stuff) 
        -  As a list with part1, 2 and 3 (only name and summarise task)
        - Be specific with how we contribute (eg name the slide u contributed to in the presentation)
    2. Weekly plan
        -  Plan that we put in the docs
        - Individual work assigned to each person
        - Only put the actual finished work in the finished work
        - Technical and non-technical (eg slides, admin stuff)
    3. Extent of work done
        -  Split by week
        - Eg week 1: interact with team members, joined a group
        - Describe technical work and tasks
        - If any unfinished task, explain why tasks were unfinished
        - Follow each claim with evidence/screenshot (right after description + label)
        - Two students should not claim the same task (if same task talk about which specific tasks u worked on)
        - Make sure any links for evidence works for the tutor 
        - Screenshots need to be specific (include part where it says ‘prepared by’)
        - Do not claim all contributions at once (follow one contribution immediately with a screenshot)
        - Screenshot + link for bitbucket
        - Collaboration:
            - Show how we collaborate (how we help, review, support team members)
                - E.g. asking feedback about the code changes etc + comments 

    4. Quality
        - How we ensured quality of work (include techniques)
        - Any task completed in second section should be discussed 
        - Eg user testing, peer review, feedback from client 
        - Assignment slides can also be claimed if we asked for feedback
        - Can use meeting minutes as evidence for group and client minutes
        - How xp roles helped in project management (feedback about roles + how it helped)
            - Followed by evidence

    5.  Discipline based contributions
        - Tools (hardware, software, database, etc)
        - Eg how we used a specific programming language (where we learned this in a previous unit)
        - Talk about any tool we utilised
        - Talk about any tool we learned specifically for this project (include any links and resources eg fullstackopen)
        - How previous assignments from other units helped in doing this project
        - Talk about teamwork from other units and how it applied to this unit


- Group Report
    1. System specs
        - Write user stories for each type of user
            - Make sure each user story has functional requirements and are described well
            - Acceptance criteria
        - Demonstration is only for user stories we finished + implemented
            - As a scenario with screenshots + description
            - Talk about workflow
        - Technical constraints
        - Any unfinished tasks
        - Changes from client
            - Talk about qualtrics api changes?? To gemini
            - Changes about interface
            - Analysis
        - Off the shelf frameworks etc

    2. Get requirements for other report parts on canvas

- Class demo will need slides and video demo with finished features


Meeting closed at:  02:00 PM

