

# Meeting Minutes

**Subject:** Week 3 Tutorial Meeting

**Project Name:** A web platform for customized survey data collection

**Facilitator:**

**Prepared by:** Leon Lee

**Date:** Tuesday 13 August 2024

**Time:** 12:00 PM

**Location:** Mereweather Learning Studio 154

**Attendees:**

* Team Member 1 (Leon Lee)
* Team Member 2 (Rui Wang)
* Team Member 3 (Nadya Png)
* Team Member 4 (Frank (Qiufei) Lai)
* Team Member 5 (Changxu Liu)
* Team Member 6 (Rueien Tan)


## Agenda

* Item 1 - What has been completed?
* Item 2 - What is in progress?
* Item 3 - What is working well?
* Item 4 - What needs improvement?
* Item 5 - Reminders
* Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
* Item 7 - General comments

Meeting open at: 12:00 PM

## Item 1 - What has been completed?
- Completed project scope document
- Completed group contract and deed polls

## Item 2 - What is in progress?
- Setting up user stories on the Jira backlog

## Item 3 - What is working well?


## Item 4 - What needs improvement


## Item 5 - Reminders


## Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
- Project Plan & Role Allocation Presentation
- Design of the frontend

## Item 7 - General comments
- We'll start with everyone working together, then once we have a framework of the project done we split into frontend, backend and AI teams
- We're starting with designing the frontend on Figma
- Most of the todo stuff is added into the Jira backlog todo list
- For website login, can consider doing it ourselves or using the Google accounts API

- For the presentation each group members talks about the roles they were allocated in the group contract for weeks 2 and 3

Meeting closed at:  02:00 PM

