# Meeting Minutes

**Subject:** Week 3 Client Meeting

**Project Name:**  A web platform for customized survey data collection

**Facilitator:**

**Prepared by:** Leon Lee

**Date:** Friday 16 August 2024

**Time:** 3:00PM-4:00PM

**Location:** Microsoft Teams

**Attendees:**
* Client (Jianlong Zhou)
* Team Member 1 (Leon Lee)
* Team Member 2 (Rui Wang)
* Team Member 3 (Nadya Png)
* Team Member 4 (Frank (Qiufei) Lai)
* Team Member 5 (Changxu Liu)

**Absent:**
* Team Member 6 (Rueien Tan): Has a tutorial on at the same time

## Agenda

* Item 1 - What has been completed?
* Item 2 - What is in progress?
* Item 3 - What is working well?
* Item 4 - What needs improvement?
* Item 5 - Reminders
* Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
* Item 7 - General project information from client
* Item 8 - General comments



Meeting open at: 3:00 PM

## Item 1 - What has been completed?
- Created a basic Figma for the web app to confirm with the client
## Item 2 - What is in progress?
- UI design
- General app architecture design

## Item 3 - What is working well?
N/A

## Item 4 - What needs improvement

N/A

## Item 5 - Reminders

N/A

## Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
N/A


## Item 7 - General project information from client
- Allow users to make their input more complex
  - e.g. research topic (what topic do you want to investigate), what's the hypothesis to be tested, background information
- After the questions are generated, display them below the input box
- Also allow the user to modify the generated questions (add an edit button)


- The survey admin will share a link to the survey (share a Qualtrics link)
  - The user fill in the survey via Qualtrics, then we can export the data from Qualtrics to our web app for displaying purposes
  - Try embed Qualtrics on our website if allowed/possible

- Analysis:
  - Do we need to provide an answer for whether the hypothesis is correct or not?
    - Client said we can try but it's really hard to provide a good explanation
    - Provide explanations on what parts of the data affect the hypothesis the most

- Basic function is to provide a platform, user management functions 
- Core function behind the platform is from Qualtrics

- For user registration, implement our own registration system instead of using Google sign in API

## Item 8 - General Comments

N/A

Meeting closed at:  03:30 PM
