

# Meeting Minutes

**Subject:** Week 3 Tutor Meeting

**Project Name:** A web platform for customized survey data collection

**Facilitator:**

**Prepared by:** Leon Lee

**Date:** Tuesday 13 August 2024

**Time:** 12:00 PM

**Location:** Mereweather Learning Studio 154

**Attendees:**
* Tutor (Islam Alzoubi)
* Team Member 1 (Leon Lee)
* Team Member 2 (Rui Wang)
* Team Member 3 (Nadya Png)
* Team Member 4 (Frank (Qiufei) Lai)
* Team Member 5 (Changxu Liu)
* Team Member 6 (Rueien Tan)


## Agenda

* Item 1 - What has been completed?
* Item 2 - What is in progress?
* Item 3 - What is working well?
* Item 4 - What needs improvement?
* Item 5 - Reminders
* Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
* Item 7 - General comments

Meeting open at: 12:00 PM

## Item 1 - What has been completed?
- Let the tutor know we've all setup Bitbucket and Slack

## Item 2 - What is in progress?
- Need to start the individual contribution document for wiki

## Item 3 - What is working well?
N/A

## Item 4 - What needs improvement
N/A

## Item 5 - Reminders
- Tutor reminded us to make sure we uploaded everything in the wiki

## Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
N/A

## Item 7 - General comments
- Very quick update/reminders from the tutor
- Presentation role allocation is based on the group contract

Meeting closed at:  02:00 PM

