# Meeting Minutes

**Subject:** Week 3 Group meeting

**Project Name:**  A web platform for customized survey data collection

**Facilitator:**

**Prepared by:** Rueien Tan 

**Date:** Friday 18 August 2024

**Time:** 8:00PM-9:40PM

**Location:** Zoom

**Attendees:**
* Team Member 1 (Leon Lee)
* Team Member 2 (Rui Wang)
* Team Member 3 (Nadya Png)
* Team Member 4 (Frank (Qiufei) Lai)
* Team Member 5 (Changxu Liu)
* Team Member 6 (Rueien Tan)

## Agenda

* Item 1 - What has been completed?
* Item 2 - What is in progress?
* Item 3 - What is working well?
* Item 4 - What needs improvement?
* Item 5 - Reminders
* Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
* Item 7 - General project information from client
* Item 8 - General comments



Meeting open at: 8:00 PM

## Item 1 - What has been completed?
- Finished making the slides
- Finished practicing the slides
## Item 2 - What is in progress?
- Discussing the implementation of the website

## Item 3 - What is working well?
- We were able to practice getting the slides under 5 minutes

## Item 4 - What needs improvement

N/A

## Item 5 - Reminders

N/A

## Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
N/A


## Item 7 - General project information from client
N/A

## Item 8 - General Comments

- Everyone was able to get on at 8 pm and discuss what we wanted to include for our slides. We went slide by slide and all gave feed back on what we think should be included. We then practices for half an hour getting our presentation under 5 minutes
Meeting closed at:  09:40 PM
