# Meeting Minutes

**Subject:** Week 6 Group meeting

**Project Name:**  A web platform for customized survey data collection

**Facilitator:**

**Prepared by:** Changxu Liu

**Date:** Sunday 02 September 2024

**Time:** 8:00PM-8:20PM

**Location:** Zoom

**Attendees:**
* Team Member 1 (Leon Lee)
* Team Member 2 (Nadya Png)
* Team Member 3 (Frank (Qiufei) Lai)
* Team Member 4 (Changxu Liu)
* Team Member 5 (Rueien Tan)
* Team Member 6 (Rui Wang)

## Agenda

* Item 1 - What has been completed?
* Item 2 - What is in progress?
* Item 3 - What is working well?
* Item 4 - What needs improvement?
* Item 5 - Reminders
* Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
* Item 7 - General project information from client
* Item 8 - General comments



Meeting open at: 8:00 PM

## Item 1 - What has been completed?
- Completed first project report(group)
- Completed first project presentation and demo slides
## Item 2 - What is in progress?
- practice of presentation and demo
## Item 3 - What is working well?
N/A

## Item 4 - What needs improvement

N/A

## Item 5 - Reminders
-  The slides should be clear and precise with less added text

## Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
N/A


## Item 7 - General Comments
- Video should include:
    - Login with invalid account
    - Signup with new username and password
    - Login with a valid account made during sign up
    - Research topic + additional context and click submit
    - Show generated questions
        - Have not fully done ui part for questions
    - Log out
- Show parts undone on slides
- Work on own parts for slides
- Speak about own parts

Each person ensures that they get the right slides for their presentation, 
making sure that the presentation is over in 10 minutes(include 3 minutes demo video).

Meeting ended at: 8:20 PM