# Meeting Minutes

**Subject:** Week 6 Client Meeting

**Project Name:**  A web platform for customized survey data collection

**Facilitator:**

**Prepared by:** Changxu Liu

**Date:** Friday 6 September 2024

**Time:** 3:00PM-3:20PM

**Location:** Microsoft Teams

**Attendees:**
* Client (Jianlong Zhou)
* Team Member 1 (Leon Lee)
* Team Member 2 (Rui Wang)
* Team Member 3 (Nadya Png)
* Team Member 4 (Frank (Qiufei) Lai)
* Team Member 5 (Changxu Liu)
* Team Member 6 (Rueien Tan)

**Absent:**

## Agenda
* Item 1 - What has been completed?
* Item 2 - What is in progress?
* Item 3 - What is working well?
* Item 4 - What needs improvement?
* Item 5 - Reminders
* Item 6 - General comments

Meeting open at: 3:00 PM

## Item 1 - What has been completed?
- Basic setup of website has been done and can be shown during the client demo.

## Item 2 - What is in progress?
- Working on implementing missing features and testing after the demo.
- Preparing for the client demo, including creating slides and planning a live demonstration of the website.

## Item 3 - What is working well?

## Item 4 - What needs improvement?

## Item 5 - Reminders
- Ensure the recording of next week's demo meeting on Microsoft Teams.
- Continue focusing on implementing features and testing after the demo.

## Item 6 - General Comments and questions
- The client is satisfied with the current progress and expects to see more updates after the demo, especially with missing feature implementations.

Meeting closed at:  03:20 PM