

# Meeting Minutes

**Subject:** Week 3 Tutorial Meeting

**Project Name:** A web platform for customized survey data collection

**Facilitator:**

**Prepared by:** Leon Lee

**Date:** Tuesday 13 August 2024

**Time:** 12:00 PM

**Location:** Mereweather Learning Studio 154

**Attendees:**
* Team Member 1 (Leon Lee)
* Team Member 2 (Rui Wang)
* Team Member 3 (Nadya Png)
* Team Member 4 (Frank (Qiufei) Lai)
* Team Member 5 (Changxu Liu)
* Team Member 6 (Rueien Tan)


## Agenda

* Item 1 - What has been completed?
* Item 2 - What is in progress?
* Item 3 - What is working well?
* Item 4 - What needs improvement?
* Item 5 - Reminders
* Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
* Item 7 - General comments

Meeting open at: 12:00 PM

## Item 1 - What has been completed?
- Completed Projct Plan & Role Allocation presentation

## Item 2 - What is in progress?
- Development of the frontend UI

## Item 3 - What is working well?
N/A

## Item 4 - What needs improvement
N/A

## Item 5 - Reminders
- Ask client about deploying the platform

## Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
- Figure out the Qualtrics API input format for questions
- Test the LLM APIs by sending input and receiving outputs (can do it in Node/Express or other languages such as Python if you're not familar with Node/Express)
- 

## Item 7 - General comments
- Try use Qualtrics as much as possible so that we don't need to store as much in the database

Meeting closed at:  02:00 PM

