# Meeting Minutes

**Subject:** Week 4 Group meeting

**Project Name:**  A web platform for customized survey data collection

**Facilitator:**

**Prepared by:** Changxu Liu

**Date:** Friday 25 August 2024

**Time:** 8:00PM-8:30PM

**Location:** Zoom

**Attendees:**
* Team Member 1 (Leon Lee)
* Team Member 2 (Rui Wang)
* Team Member 3 (Nadya Png)
* Team Member 4 (Frank (Qiufei) Lai)
* Team Member 5 (Changxu Liu)
* Team Member 6 (Rueien Tan)

## Agenda

* Item 1 - What has been completed?
* Item 2 - What is in progress?
* Item 3 - What is working well?
* Item 4 - What needs improvement?
* Item 5 - Reminders
* Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
* Item 7 - General project information from client
* Item 8 - General comments



Meeting open at: 8:00 PM

## Item 1 - What has been completed?
- Finished the use case diagram
- Finished the tasks allocated of the initial project demo
## Item 2 - What is in progress?
- Discussing the implementation of the website
- Basic front-end functionality development
- Basic back-end functionality development
## Item 3 - What is working well?
- Everyone's clear on their duties.

## Item 4 - What needs improvement

N/A

## Item 5 - Reminders

N/A

## Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
N/A


## Item 7 - General project information from client
N/A

## Item 8 - General Comments
- Everyone arrived at the zoom meeting room on time, and each person reported on their current progress and set a goal for the week: to complete the initial demo of the project. Then the group discussed and assigned tasks regarding the creation of the initial demo. After confirming that there were no problems, the meeting ended at 8:30pm.
