# Meeting Minutes

**Subject:** Week 4 Client Meeting

**Project Name:**  A web platform for customized survey data collection

**Facilitator:**

**Prepared by:** Leon Lee

**Date:** Friday 23 August 2024

**Time:** 3:00PM-4:00PM

**Location:** Microsoft Teams

**Attendees:**
* Client (Jianlong Zhou)
* Team Member 1 (Leon Lee)
* Team Member 2 (Rui Wang)
* Team Member 3 (Nadya Png)
* Team Member 4 (Frank (Qiufei) Lai)
* Team Member 5 (Changxu Liu)

**Absent:**
* Team Member 6 (Rueien Tan): Has a tutorial on at the same time

## Agenda

* Item 1 - What has been completed?
* Item 2 - What is in progress?
* Item 3 - What is working well?
* Item 4 - What needs improvement?
* Item 5 - Reminders
* Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
* Item 7 - General project information from client
* Item 8 - General comments



Meeting open at: 3:00 PM

## Item 1 - What has been completed?
- Tested the Gemini API

## Item 2 - What is in progress?
- Developing the front and backend of the web app

## Item 3 - What is working well?
N/A

## Item 4 - What needs improvement
Database Design needs to be simplify, no need to store survey data, It happens externally in qualtrics

## Item 5 - Reminders
N/A

## Item 6 - What needs to be completed before the next meeting?
- Try get a basic working prototype of the core functions done so we can show the client


## Item 7 - General project information from client
- Let the client know we've started working on the generative AI (Gemini) and that we're working on fine tuning it
- Client said our idea of the web app is correct

Analysis
- Does the client want us to use the LLM to generate insights or do it like google forms to just show some visualisations
- Don't use generative AI for data analysis
- If Qualtrics provides basic summary analysis or some graphs, then we can use them
- Because we're building our own platform, we can extract the survey data from Qualtrics then do some analysis
- Analysis functions: bar chart, pie chart, statistical analysis
- Quite difficult as it depends on the user's hypothesis
- If we have 2 variables to compare, we can use a T-test, but for more variables more complex methods are needed

## Item 8 - General Comments
- For now, just set up the platform (mainly get the ) and provide some basic analysis functions (data visualisation and mean/median/mode)

Meeting closed at:  03:11 PM
